fix(curriculum): use correct pronouns on workshop projects (#56769)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-node-and-express/587d7fb1367417b2b2512bf1.md

While an HTML server serves HTML, an API serves data. A <dfn>REST</dfn> (REpresentational State Transfer) API allows data exchange in a simple way, without the need for clients to know any detail about the server. The client only needs to know where the resource is (the URL), and the action it wants to perform on it (the verb). The GET verb is used when you are fetching some information, without modifying anything. These days, the preferred data format for moving information around the web is JSON. Simply put, JSON is a convenient way to represent a JavaScript object as a string, so it can be easily transmitted.

> To begin create a simple API by creating a route that responds with JSON at the path `/json`. You can do it as usual, with the `app.get()` method. Inside the route handler, use the method `res.json()`, passing in an object as an argument. This method closes the request-response loop, returning the data. Behind the scenes, it converts a valid JavaScript object into a string, then sets the appropriate headers to tell your browser that you are serving JSON, and sends the data back. A valid object has the usual structure `{key: data}`. `data` can be a number, a string, a nested object or an array. `data` can also be a variable or the result of a function call, in which case it will be evaluated before being converted into a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As first thing you will create a simple API by creating a route that responds with JSON at the path `/json`. You can do it as usual, with the `app.get()` method. Inside the route handler, use the method `res.json()`, passing in an object as an argument. This method closes the request-response loop, returning the data. Behind the scenes, it converts a valid JavaScript object into a string, then sets the appropriate headers to tell your browser that you are serving JSON, and sends the data back. A valid object has the usual structure `{key: data}`. `data` can be a number, a string, a nested object or an array. `data` can also be a variable or the result of a function call, in which case it will be evaluated before being converted into a string.
```

Author: I'm not quite happy with the phrasing. I wanna try "The first thing you will create a simple API.."
